Hello, Mom.
You finally contacted me.
The good news is that your father is okay.
We're all safe now.
Really? That's great.
But the arrangement of the vocal music has obviously not started yet.
Of course, did you also hear about your father?
Coma news
That was actually to confuse Stephen and the others
Fake news released to the outside world
Your father completely defeated Stephen this time
We've sent someone to pick you up.
Ok mom I'm waiting for you
Let's let our deal end
You know I don't have a career
Stop trying to help your father
I don't need your help now.
You can turn your face and not recognize people if you don't need it, right?
Not busy, right?
There's something wrong with you
Maybe a little
What I want
Must get
You better mind your stinky problems
Laugh heartless
I can finally find my beloved little wolf dog.
customer service
Help me ask what Yan Nanheng is doing now?
Yan Nanheng has already recognized Master Qing
Back to in-laws
Going back so soon
He probably doesn't want to see me now
After all, in his heart
I'm a person who plays with his feelings
According to system monitoring
He returned to his in-laws and was poisoned the next day
Just got out of the hospital today.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
The in-laws are now holding a banquet at the villa
You should be able to see him now.
Remember to wear a dress
Thank you for your kindness.